feat: Add routing protocols resource to terraform provider (#436)
equinix/terraform-provider-equinix: docs/data-sources/equinix_fabric_routing_protocols.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "equinix_fabric_routing_protocols Resource - terraform-provider-equinix"
subcategory: "Fabric"
description: |-
Fabric V4 API compatible data resource that allows user to fetch routing protocols for a given routing protocol ids

> ~> Note Equinix Fabric v4 resources and datasources are currently in Beta. The interfaces related to equinix_fabric_ resources and datasources may change ahead of general availability. Please, do not hesitate to report any problems that you experience by opening a new issue https://github.com/equinix/terraform-provider-equinix/issues/new?template=bug.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> Note Equinix Fabric v4 resources and datasources are currently in Beta. The interfaces related to equinix_fabric_ resources and datasources may change ahead of general availability. Please, do not hesitate to report any problems that you experience by opening a new issue https://github.com/equinix/terraform-provider-equinix/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug.yml&title=%5BBug%5D%3A+equinix_fabric_routing_protocols

```

Reviewer: If we have other references to bug.md, we'll want to update those in a separate PR.

Author: Agree; backlog item created.
